Short:        Perception InputMethodEnvironment
Author:       Jeremy Sutherland (AKA Belxjander Serechai)
Uploader:     Belxjander@gmail.com (AbH Belxjander Draconis Serechai // Jeremy sutherland)
Type:         drivers/input
Version:      1.5alpha
Architecture: ppc-amigaos >= 4.1.0

The original aim of this project was to provide a basis for extending the existing locale.library
  support from just providing language strings into also providing a means where "extended"
  Ideographic Symbols also become available.

Each "language" provided by Perception-IME is a standard locale.library language driver as a base
  and installs into the normal Locale:Languages/ heirarchy.

Where Perception-IME "language" libraries differ is that when they are opened...
  they open and register with the "perception.library" when it is present. (this is optional).

When first installing or selecting a language...

Install the language libraries provided into Locale:Languages/

Open the Sys:Prefs/Locale editor and select which preferred languages you wish to use.
	the only requirement is to have a Perception provided library first in the list for IME startup.

The last thing to do is install the perception.library and then restart.

It will automatically be running in the background once you see Workbench again.

You can actively enable/disable the IME at any time through Commodities.

This is a general framework for Asian and other "expanded" languages.
	( It is perfectly valid to provide a "word to heiroglyph" language mode...)

There are no restrictions placed on the language modes themselves.

All Language Modules return Unicode CodePoint values which will be given to the system as UTF8 characters.

Chinese and Korean languages are currently little more than example working skeletons with debug output.

Japanese.Language support is the most complete (with an active TagItem based lookup table for "Kana")

If you are interested in adding more languages...

I will be quite happy to include additional language libraries into the project and provide access
  to the source repository as well.
