Short:      Multilingual translator/speech library
Uploader:   franc@trace-plc.com (Francesco Devitt)
Author:     franc@trace-plc.com (Francesco Devitt)
Type:       dev/src


TITLE

Translator Library (Multilingual-speech version)
(Source)


VERSION

42.4


AUTHOR

Francesco Devitt


internet

franc@trace-plc.com


telephones

home    +44 171 713-1363
work    +44 171 825-1142
mobile  +44 956 618-352
nz home +64 4 388-3215


addresses

15b Chapel Market, Islington,
London, N1 9EZ, United Kingdom. 

29a Kinghorne St, Strathmore,
Wellington, New Zealand.


DESCRIPTION

New features:
    o  Recursive rules: right hand sides can be re-translated
    o  WWW: http://www.sans.vuw.ac.nz/~ffranc/amiga/translator.html
    o  Still more languages are supported.

Features:
    o  Replaces Commodore's translator.library
    o  Provides multi-lingual text-to-speech support
    o  Works with all OS versions
    o  Allows language to be specified in the text to be translated
    o  Totally compatible with existing software.

With versions of the OS before 2.1 Commodore supplied text-to-speech
software on the Workbench discs. This library replaces the Commodore
supplied translator library. The origional translates text to phonemes
for use with the narrator device. It is used in software with speech
output such as "Say" and "Term".

Unfortunately for non-American users the origional library translates
all text as if it were American English. It can not handle other
languages or dialects.

This library is a drop-in replacement and works with all software that
currently uses the Commodore speech system.  With this version of
translator library the user can specify which language the translator
should use.  The following accents are currently supported by this
library:

   Name     Language
   ----     --------
   American American English
   Deutsch     German
   Cymraeg     Welsh
   English     British English
   Island      Icelandic
   Italiano Italian
   Klingon     Klingon
   Maori    New Zealand Maori
   Polski      Polish
   Suomi    Finnish
   Svenska     Swedish

If your language is not present here, remember that it is not difficult
to write translation files for languages, as you can see by looking at
the above list. I only wrote a few of these.
I hope that users of this system will be motivated to create accent
description files for the language(s) they speak.


SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

Requires any version of the OS greater than 1.3.  Some features are
not supported on pre-2.04 systems and systems without the locale
library.

To be of any practical use it requires any version of the narrator
device and software that talks.

Some icons have "EDITOR:" as their default tool.
Others have "Multiview". This is for my convenience not yours.


AVAILABILITY

Available from Aminet, eg:

ftp://ftp.doc.ic.ac.uk/pub/aminet/dev/src/trans42src.lha
ftp://ftp.doc.ic.ac.uk/pub/aminet/util/libs/translator42.lha



PRICE

Free.
Source is copyright but free.
If you want to maintain it go ahead.
If you want to sell it share the millions with me.



DISTRIBUTABILITY

Copyright 1995 Francesco Devitt.
Freely distributable. Donations gratefully received.
